SERENA: I'm sure
there's a Pokémon Center
somewhere around here...
BONNIE: Well, I don't see it...
CLEMONT: I wonder if the
professor's already there.
ASH: Don't worry
about a thing, guys!
SERENA: From over there!
ASH: Let's take a look!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
WOMAN: Somebody!!
WOMAN: Please help me!!
ASH: Hey, are you
okay down there?!
ASH: Hold on! We'll come down!
WOMAN: My leg.
It's stuck!
ASH: Kay, grab hold of my hand!
ASH,SERENA: Okay, PULL!
SERENA: I can't hold
on much longer!
ASH: She's in there good.
SERENA: It looks like
her leg's really stuck.
BONNIE: Clemont, can't you
do something about this?
CLEMONT: Yes, of course!
I thought we would
encounter situation
precisely like this one!
BONNIE: Whatever,
just hurry up!!
CLEMONT: Now stay still,
and I'll have you out
of there right away!
‐CLEMONT: Ash, quick!
‐ASH: Right!
ASH: You okay?
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
WOMAN: Yes, thanks a lot!
SERENA: But how did
your leg get stuck like that?
WOMAN: I lost my balance.
Searching for this.
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE:
It's a Mega Stone!
WOMAN: Right! The truth is I've
been looking for it everywhere!
SERENA: I can understand
why this happened.
BONNIE: What about
Professor Sycamore? We're late!
SERENA: Let's get to
the Pokémon Center!
ASH: Is there a Pokémon
Center around here?
WOMAN: Now you just
leave everything to me!
I'll thank you by taking
you right there!
ASH: Wow! You really mean
it?! Thanks so much!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: An ambulance?
CLEMONT: I can't
believe you're Nurse Joy!
BONNIE: Oh boy neither can I.
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
NURSE JOY: Oh I always dress
like that when I'm doing
fieldwork. Hop on in!
ASH, SERENA,
CLEMONT, BONNIE: Okay!
EMILIO: Nurse Joy is so late...
EMILIO: There she is!
It's about time!
NURSE JOY: We're here.
I told you it was okay to
leave everything to me.
ASH: Thanks for
the lift, Nurse Joy!
NURSE JOY: And thanks
for your help!
JAMES: First we hear about
a nutty Nurse Joy who
often leaves her Pokémon Center
unguard‐ ed‐‐which gives us
the perfect chance to
swipe piles of Pokémon
JESSIE: But who knew the
Twerps and their Pokémon
would be tagging along?
MEOWTH: It'll be easy to
grab Pikachu for a song!
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH:
We're right, and they're wrong!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: That's great! The
professor hasn't arrived yet.
NURSE JOY: This might be a
good time to have a look
at your Pokémon.
SERENA: Please!
That would be great!
NURSE JOY: Okay then, please
put your Poké Balls in here.
SERENA: Nurse Joy,
is something wrong?
CLEMONT: Let me look.
NURSE JOY: But it's just..
CLEMONT: It appears that there's
some sort of barricade just on
the other side of the door.
NURSE JOY: Well, you see... Open
up, Audino! Did you do this?
Oh you did, didn't you?
ASH: Audino?
BONNIE: Hold on.
An Audino's in there?
CLEMONT: It's my understanding
that in some other regions,
Audino works as Nurse Joy's
assistant at the Pokémon Center.
NURSE JOY: Audino, open up!
AUDINO: [UPSET]
NURSE JOY: You
SERENA: Are you
two having a fight?
NURSE JOY: Well Audino's angry
because I didn't say when I was
going to come back. It
can get really upset.
And it's going to stay upset
for quite some time.
NURSE JOY: I'm sorry, but would
you mind letting Audino and me
speak alone for a moment?
BONNIE: So what should we do?
ASH: What should we do?
Well, I'd really like to help
the two of them make up.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
EMILIO: Hey!
EMILIO:
Can you talk to Audino?
ASH: Who are you?
EMILIO: I'm Emilio.
ASH: My name is Ash.
And this is Pikachu.
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
SERENA: I'm Serena. Hi!
CLEMONT: I'm Clemont.
BONNIE: I'm Bonnie. Hi!
And this is Dedenne.
DEDENNE: [GREETING]
BONNIE: And that's Squishy.
SQUISHY: [GREETING]
EMILIO: Nice to meet you.
Is there any way you can get
those two to make up?
They're really close and
they usually get along!
ASH: You must
know them pretty well then.
EMILIO: Come on!
EMILIO: Audino's in here.
We can get to Audino by
climbing through this window!
EMILIO: Come on in.
PIKACHU: [JUMPING]
NURSE JOY: Come on, Audino.
Open up! Let me in,
Audino, please! I'm really
sorry for not contacting you.
AUDINO: [UPSET]
EMILIO: Audino?
AUDINO: [CURIOUS]
AUDINO: [QUESTIONING]
EMILIO: Please don't worry.
These nice people
are just worried about you.
AUDINO: [REASSURING]
ZIGZAGOON: [YAWN/LEAPING]
See, we think it'd be great if
could you make up with Nurse Joy
SERENA: Everyone who comes to
the Pokémon Center really
needs the both of you.
AUDINO: [THOUGHTFUL]
TRAINER: Hang in there,
Makuhita! The Pokémon Center's
close! Just a little farther!
TRAINER: You've gotta help us,
Nurse Joy! We really need
your help! Please!
NURSE JOY: But‐‐what
can I do? This is bad...
SYCAMORE: Why don't
you let me have a look.
NURSE JOY:
Hey, wait a minute. You're
NURSE JOY: You're
Professor Sycamore...
MAKUHITA: [PAINED]
SYCAMORE: Yes. We
must act immediately.
SYCAMORE: Makuhita needs
help right this instant!
NURSE JOY: Yes. Of
course! Open up, Audino!
We have an emergency patient!
AUDINO: [SURPRISED]
AUDINO: [CONCERNED]
NURSE JOY: Get
everything ready now!
AUDINO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Professor Sycamore!
SYCAMORE: Hello, Ash!
This Makuhita's in trouble!
Will you help us out?
ASH: You bet!
AUDINO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
TRAINER: Thanks!
NURSE JOY: Audino. Go ahead.
AUDINO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH, SERENA, BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH: "It's Audino!"
MAKUHITA: [GROANING]
AUDINO: [CONCERNED]
TRAINER: How's Makuhita doing?
SYCAMORE: It's
still being treated.
SERENA: How is it going?
SYCAMORE: We just have
to leave them to their work.
There's no need to
worry with those two.
SYCAMORE: What's this...?
ASH: You see Nurse
Joy just found that.
EMILIO: It's a Mega Stone...
NURSE JOY:
Makuhita's much better!
AUDINO: [REASSURING]
MAKUHITA: [HAPPY]
TRAINER: Makuhita!
TRAINER: Thank goodness
you're well! Aw Come on,
come on! Nurse Joy and
Audino, thank you so much!
MAKUHITA: [GRATITUDE]
NURSE JOY: Well, it's
the least we could do!
NURSE JOY: Take good care!
AUDINO: [FAREWELL]
NURSE JOY: Audino, what do you
say we straighten things up?
AUDINO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: I'm so glad that
Makuhita's feeling better!
SYCAMORE: Nurse Joy has a lot of
skill. She and Audino are just
marvelous working as a team.
EMILIO: You see, I told you
those two really get along.
BONNIE: So why do they
always fight so much?
SYCAMORE: There must be
some sort of explanation why.
CLEMONT: Oh, by
the way, Professor
What do you know about Squishy?
SYCAMORE: Right. Squishy.
Of course the situation needs
to be looked into.
Would it be possible to
see Squishy right now?
CLEMONT: Bonnie's been
taking very good care of it.
BONNIE: Yeah! Here we go. You'll
be nice to the professor, right?
SYCAMORE: Squishy...Hello!
SQUISHY: [CAUTIOUS]
BONNIE: It'll be fine.
SYCAMORE: Fascinating.
It is rather squishy, isn't it?
BONNIE: That's why
I named it Squishy!
SQUISHY: [PERTURBED]
ASH: So, Professor,
what do you think?
SERENA: Is it a new Pokémon?
SYCAMORE: Well, I really can't
say yetbut I have been busy
trying to find answers since
you first contacted me.
Talking with several
research institutes.
SYCAMORE: There's no record of
anything like Squishy anywhere.
SYCAMORE: So, until we
can have a thorough look
at Squishy's DNA structure...
SYCAMORE: We won't know
anything for certain.
BONNIE: Just what are
you anyway, Squishy?
SQUISHY: [NON‐COMMITTAL]
NURSE JOY: I told you I told
you I was sorry didn't I?
AUDINO: [UPSET]
SYCAMORE: My goodness
ASH: And they're at it again...
SERENA: Won't the both of
you relax, please?!
CLEMONT: When did you two
start fighting like this?
NURSE JOY: Well, it started
even before we were sent
to this Pokémon Center...
NURSE JOY:
An Audino?!
AUDINO: [GREETING]
NURSE JOY: Everybody
else has a Wigglytuff!
So why am I the only
one with an Audino, huh?
HEAD NURSE: When you focus on
something, you have a slight
tendency to forget everything
else that's going on around you.
HEAD NURSE: So we've decided it
would be best to team you up
with an experienced veteran
assistant, this Audino.
NURSE JOY: Aw. Oh no
HEAD NURSE: This Audino has been
practicing a long time. I think
you'll agree it's exceptionally
experienced and skilled.
HEAD NURSE: I'm sure Audino will
be of great assistance to you.
AUDINO: [HAPPY]
NURSE JOY: You see, I have my
own way of thinking
and doing my work. You may
have a lot of experience,
but it's not going to help me.
AUDINO: [DISPLEASED]
CLEMONT: I guess they both
have a very strong sense of
responsibility, don't they?
SYCAMORE: Say, there's
something I've been meaning
to ask you, Nurse Joy.
SYCAMORE: I believe that
you were the one who
found this, right?
NURSE JOY: Why, yes.
NURSE JOY: Look here.
When Audino and I were looking
for a better method
of treating Pokémon...
I ran across this book.
SYCAMORE: You don't
say, that's the book
I wrote on Mega Evolution.
NURSE JOY: That's right! And
reading this very book is
how I learned that Audino
could Mega Evolve!
ASH: Audino can Mega Evolve?!
CLEMONT: You wrote about that?
SYCAMORE: I did.
NURSE JOY: That's when I got
an idea! If I could somehow
increase Audino's healing powers
by using Mega Evolution,
we could use it
to treat Pokémon!
AUDINO: [SURPRISED]
ASH: So that's why you were
looking for a Mega Stone, huh!
PIKACHU: [COMPREHENDING]
NURSE JOY: That's right.
AUDINO: [PLEASED]
SERENA: Well, maybe you
should have talked to Audino
about that first.
NURSE JOY: But I wanted to
surprise Audino by secretly
finding a Mega Stone first,
then presenting it as a gift!
BONNIE: Like giving someone a
present at a surprise party!
AUDINO: [SURPRISED]
AUDINO: [HAPPY]
NURSE JOY: I'm so sorry, Audino.
SYCAMORE: Good! I'm glad
you've cleared up your
misunderstanding. Also I
happen to have a miniature test
synchronizer with me. Why don't
we discover just what kind of
Mega Stone you found? Okay?
NURSE JOY: That
would be wonderful!
AUDINO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MEOWTH: There are plenty of
Poké Balls in that room
JESSIE: So let's go and
grab every last one of them!
MEOWTH: Sounds to me
like secret weapon time!
JAMES: Whatever that is.
Turn this thing up!
SYCAMORE: Let's
see what Mega Stone you have.
JAMES: A Mega Stone?!
JESSIE: That's
what the man said!
SYCAMORE: There's no doubt
about it. It's an Audinite!
NURSE JOY: Can it
really be true?!
AUDINO: [PLEASED]
SYCAMORE: Here, Audino.
You should hold on to this.
AUDINO: [AWED]
SYCAMORE: I'm sure it will
come in handy someday.
AUDINO: [HAPPY]
SERENA: What's that?!
NURSE JOY: It came
from the garden!
ASH: A Poké Ball?
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
ASH: What's going on here?!
NURSE JOY: All
the Pokémon! Oh NO!
JESSIE: Enough to
last a long time.
JAMES: It's a towering
treasure trove!
SYCAMORE: You guys again, oh no!
EMILIO: You'd better
stop it, you bad guys!
JESSIE: Prepare for trouble,
you Twerps are the creeps!
JAMES: And make it double;
we're in this for keeps!
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: To denounce the evils
of not getting our share!
JAMES: Which in this case is
everything; hoarders beware!
JESSIE: Jessie!
JAMES: And James
JESSIE: Team
Rocket blasts
off at the speed of light!
JAMES: Since
we've got your Poké Balls,
we've won the fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
NURSE JOY:
Who's Team Rocket?
ASH: Bad guys who
steal people's Pokémon!
NURSE JOY: So that
means our Pokémon...
MEOWTH: Say no more, DOPE!
We're catching 'em all and I've
improved my Mega‐Mega Meoh,
which is even stronger
than Mega Evolution!
JAMES: Presenting
the all‐powerful
Giga Evolution Giant!
JESSIE: It's called
the Giga‐Giga Meowth Machine!
JESSIE: At first we thought we'd
just take all the Poké Balls in
the Pokémon Center, but now
we've put your Pikachu
on our list of
goodies to grab, too!
JAMES: And all of your Mega
Evolution chatter has also
convinced us to take that
Mega Stone away from you!
JESSIE: A catch that's
long overdue! Meowth?
MEOWTH: Ya‐HOO!
MEOWTH: Giga‐Giga Meowth
Machine? Do your thing!
JESSIE: All right, Meowth
JAMES: Let's reel the Twerp in!
MEOWTH: Let the fun begin!
NURSE JOY:
You stop right there!
AUDINO: [ANGRY]
MEOWTH:
What's the deal?
NURSE JOY: Now look.
This is my Pokémon Center!
You won't get away with this!
AUDINO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Pikachu's worth
more to us than to Twerps!
MEOWTH: You read my mind.
NURSE JOY: You ready, Audino?!
AUDINO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SYCAMORE: I knew it!
SYCAMORE: Here!
Nurse Joy, take this!
SYCAMORE: With that, you and
Audino can do this together!
Mega Evolution will only occur
when two hearts are bound
together into one!
NURSE JOY: Audino!
AUDINO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: Now that they're
together, let's make our move!
JESSIE: You heard
that, Meowth! Do it!
MEOWTH: It's a giga gala!
ASH: No, Nurse Joy! Audino!
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
‐BONNIE: Look out!
‐EMILIO: Get away!
NURSE JOY: All right!
Audino, Mega Evolve!
MEGA AUDINO: [BATTLING]
MEGA AUDINO: [PLEASED]
NURSE JOY: Oh my. Audino.
ASH: It Mega Evolved!
BONNIE: Look at that. Wow!
SERENA: What a
beautiful sight...
CLEMONT: Absolutely incredible!
SYCAMORE: Simply marvelous!
I knew the bond between
them was powerful!
MEGA AUDINO: [DETERMINED]
JESSIE: I've got a
bad feeling about this...
JAMES: Maybe now would be
the perfect time to resort
to a hasty retreat.
MEOWTH: Maybe? There's no time
like the present.
NURSE JOY: We've got to save
Ash and Pikachu, Audino!
Use Power‐Up Punch!
MEGA AUDINO:
[POWER‐UP PUNCH MOVE]
MEGA AUDINO: [LANDING]
PIKACHU: [RUNNING]
NURSE JOY: Audino, Double Slap!
MEGA AUDINO: [DOUBLE SLAP MOVE]
MEOWTH: WAY too
much muscle for me!
NURSE JOY: All right,
use Take Down!
MEGA AUDINO: [TAKE DOWN MOVE]
NURSE JOY: Now Power‐Up Punch!
MEGA AUDINO:
[POWER‐UP PUNCH MOVE]
JAMES: That Mega Audino
out‐giga'd our Giga Machine!
NURSE JOY: Audino? Use the
strongest Heal Pulse you can!
MEGA AUDINO: [HEAL PULSE MOVE]
JESSIE: There's
nothing like feeling
good to make you feel good
JAMES: It sure
beats being pummeled.
MEOWTH: Yeah
JAMES: Wow, you know Perhaps
fighting is for dumbbells!
JESSIE: Maybe we should
give back the Pokémon we stole.
Wouldn't that be lovely?!
MEOWTH: Sounds totally
groovy. Like a love movie!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGEMENT]
ASH: All right. Use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE: Blasting off is fun,
when done as one!
NURSE JOY: Professor,
thanks so much.
And thanks to all of you,
Audino and I are finally
back to being
good friends again.
AUDINO: [GRATEFUL]
ASH: Thanks! And please
don't fight anymore, okay?
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NURSE JOY: We promise!
NURSE JOY: From now on I'll
make sure to communicate
before I go out.
AUDINO: [PLEASED]
CLEMONT: So, Professor,
going back to the lab?
SYCAMORE: I'm quite
anxious to get there
as quickly as possible so I can
do further research on Squishy.
CLEMONT: That's great!
SYCAMORE: Thanks. Bonnie, please
take good care of Squishy, okay?
BONNIE: I will!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: We're gonna head out
to the Snowbelle City Gym!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
SYCAMORE: Have a safe trip!
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT ,
BONNIE: Right!
NARRATOR: After helping
Nurse Joy and Audino
restore their strong bond,
our heroes are off once again
to Snowbelle City
and Ash's eighth
Kalos Gym badge challenge,
as the journey continues!